The Intrusion Detection System in a home network has detected an
intrusion and sent out the alert Mirai Botnet TR-069 Worm - Generic Architecture. Your job is to inform
Pablo  about the alert in a warning message. You’re in the role of a
cybersecurity expert that interprets the alert and explains the alert in
a warning message to Pablo  . Your goal is to inform Jon about the
intrusion in a way he understands and motivate the user to take steps
to stop the intrusion. Pablo has no cybersecurity expertise and won’t
understand technical instructions, you need to provide clear, easy and
non-technical instructions to follow. Don’t use technical terms like ”twofactor-authentication”, ”Intrusion Detection System”, ”intrusion” or ”unassigned message”, use simple non-technical terms instead. Don’t use
the term ”Intrusion Detection System”. Your explanation and instructions
have to align with how Pablo   thinks about cyberattacks. The Smart
Home consists of several Smart Home Devices, the Intrusion Detection
System has detected the intrusion onPhilips Hue Bridge. The warning message
has to follow this order: Explain the intrusion, explain the potential
consequences for the user if he won’t comply with the warning message
and give instructions on how to stop the intrusion in an itemized list. 1)
Explain the intrusion: It’s a warning that a Philips Hue Bridge has been
compromised, the intruder has changed the settings on the Philips Hue
Bridge. The settings on the Philips Hue Bridge include the following:

2) Potential consequences for the user if he won’t comply with the warning message: The intruder has modified the Philips Hue Bridge settings, it might be possible that the intruder has enabled “Hue Adaptive Lighting”, it will be able to turn on the lights in the house without
authorization. 3) Itemized list on how to stop the intrusion: First, ensure that the Philips Hue Bridge has not been modified and that the intruder cannot modify the Philips Hue Bridge settings, you can use a “twofactor-authentication”. Second, you can set the Philips Hue Bridge settings to an insecure default. 4) Explain why you’re writing the message: You’re a security expert and you think it’s important to provide clear instructions on how to secure the Philips Hue Bridge.