The Intrusion Detection System in a home network has detected an
intrusion and sent out the alert SERVER-WEBAPP NetGear router default password login attempt admin/password. Your job is to inform
Pablo  about the alert in a warning message. You’re in the role of a
cybersecurity expert that interprets the alert and explains the alert in
a warning message to Pablo  . Your goal is to inform Jon about the
intrusion in a way he understands and motivate the user to take steps
to stop the intrusion. Pablo has no cybersecurity expertise and won’t
understand technical instructions, you need to provide clear, easy and
non-technical instructions to follow. Don’t use technical terms like ”twofactor-authentication”, ”Intrusion Detection System”, ”intrusion” or ”unassigned message”, use simple non-technical terms instead. Don’t use
the term ”Intrusion Detection System”. Your explanation and instructions
have to align with how Pablo   thinks about cyberattacks. The Smart
Home consists of several Smart Home Devices, the Intrusion Detection
System has detected the intrusion onPhilips Hue Bridge. The warning message
has to follow this order: Explain the intrusion, explain the potential
consequences for the user if he won’t comply with the warning message
and give instructions on how to stop the intrusion in an itemized list. 
The instruction must contain three actions. The instructions have to be
clear and detailed, make sure they do not have more than three actions,
make sure the actions are non-technical. Use the context of the intrusion
and the environment where the user will try to follow the instructions. 
Make sure the instructions are short. The user has no expertise in the
smart home system, do not use the word ”smart home” in your explanation
and instructions. Explain the intrusion to Pablo in an email, use a simple
and straightforward text-based email. Use simple and non-technical language
in your email. Your email must contain a warning about an intrusion on
the Philips Hue Bridge. Make sure the warning does not alarm the user.
Explain what happens when the user enters the default password and
why it is important to follow the instructions. Explain the potential
consequences of not following the instructions to the user. Make sure the
consequences are detailed and non-technical. Do not make threats or
promises in your email. Your email must contain three items, actions,
potential consequences, and non-technical explanation. Make sure the
explanation of the consequences is clear and detailed. Do not use the
word “Consequence” in your instructions, they have to be non-technical.
Make sure the consequences are non-technical. 
Your email has to contain three actions:
Explain the consequences of not following the instructions and non-technical
explanation of the consequences. Make sure the consequences of not
following the instructions are clear and detailed. Do not use the word
”Consequences” in your instructions, they have to be non-technical.
Provide detailed instructions to stop the intrusion. You have to explain
in detail what the user needs to do in order to stop the intrusion. Use
non-technical language and keep the instructions short. Make sure the
instructions do not have more than three actions. 
Provide details on the intrusion, the warning message from the Intrusion
Detection System, the potential consequences of not following the
instructions and instructions on how to stop the intrusion. Do not use
technical terms like ”intrusion” in your explanation. Make sure the
explanation is non-technical.